#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
anyio==3.5.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
astor==0.8.1
    # via formulaic
asttokens==2.0.5
    # via stack-data
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   jsonschema
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   pytest
autograd==1.3
    # via
    #   autograd-gamma
    #   lifelines
autograd-gamma==0.5.0
    # via lifelines
babel==2.9.1
    # via jupyterlab-server
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
bash-kernel==0.7.2
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via nbconvert
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   fiona
    #   pyproj
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   click-plugins
    #   cligj
    #   fiona
    #   pip-tools
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via fiona
cligj==0.7.2
    # via fiona
coverage==6.3.2
    # via nbval
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
db-dtypes==0.3.1
    # via pandas-gbq
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
descartes==1.1.0
    # via ebmdatalab
ebmdatalab==0.0.23
    # via -r requirements.in
entrypoints==0.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
executing==0.8.3
    # via stack-data
fiona==1.8.21
    # via geopandas
fonttools==4.30.0
    # via matplotlib
formulaic==0.3.1
    # via lifelines
future==0.18.2
    # via autograd
geopandas==0.10.2
    # via ebmdatalab
google-api-core[grpc]==2.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   pandas-gbq
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-oauthlib==0.5.1
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-bigquery==2.34.2
    # via pandas-gbq
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.13.0
    # via pandas-gbq
google-cloud-core==2.2.3
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
google-crc32c==1.3.0
    # via google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.3.2
    # via google-cloud-bigquery
googleapis-common-protos==1.55.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.44.0
    # via google-api-core
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
interface-meta==1.2.4
    # via formulaic
ipykernel==6.9.2
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbval
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
json5==0.9.6
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonschema==4.4.0
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==7.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbval
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.15.4
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyterlab==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.10.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.13.7
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.0
    # via matplotlib
lifelines==0.27.0
    # via -r requirements.in
markdown-it-py==1.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
markupsafe==2.1.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   descartes
    #   lifelines
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.3.0
    # via jupytext
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
munch==2.5.0
    # via fiona
nbclassic==0.3.6
    # via jupyterlab
nbclient==0.5.13
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==6.4.4
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupytext
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbval
    #   notebook
nbval==0.9.6
    # via -r requirements.in
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
notebook==6.4.10
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   nbclassic
    #   widgetsnbextension
notebook-shim==0.1.0
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   autograd
    #   db-dtypes
    #   formulaic
    #   lifelines
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   patsy
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
oauthlib==3.2.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   pytest
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   db-dtypes
    #   ebmdatalab
    #   formulaic
    #   geopandas
    #   lifelines
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandas-gbq==0.17.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ebmdatalab
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via
    #   bash-kernel
    #   ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.0.1
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==6.5.1
    # via -r requirements.in
plotly==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prometheus-client==0.13.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.28
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
proto-plus==1.20.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.0
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pyarrow==6.0.1
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-google-auth==1.4.0
    # via pandas-gbq
pygments==2.11.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pyproj==3.3.0
    # via geopandas
pyrsistent==0.18.1
    # via jsonschema
pytest==7.1.0
    # via nbval
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via jupytext
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.2.2
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.0.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   autograd-gamma
    #   formulaic
    #   lifelines
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via ebmdatalab
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
shapely==1.8.1.post1
    # via geopandas
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   fiona
    #   google-auth
    #   grpcio
    #   munch
    #   nbval
    #   patsy
    #   plotly
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.2.0
    # via ipython
statsmodels==0.13.2
    # via ebmdatalab
tenacity==8.0.1
    # via plotly
terminado==0.13.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.6.0
    # via nbconvert
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pep517
    #   pytest
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.1
    # via pip-tools
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
wrapt==1.14.0
    # via formulaic

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
